The goal of the project is to make a website that mimicks Twitter/X, hosted at chtang-hmc.github.io/spiritofdemocracy.

Here is the gist of the project: we are aiming to build a social media website for our political science class about dictatorship. The theme of our project is to explore how modern dictators use social media to spread information about convince the public of their ideals.

Here are the details of our project: Our project is concerned with a single political topic, in this case, should artefacts obtained during imperial British period through questionable means should be returned to their original countries. We purposedly chose a topic that people probably don't have an opinion in already, and probably don't have a lot of information about.

We want to present three possible scenarios to our audiences. The first page displays media PRO the return of the artefacts; the second page displays media AGAINST the return of the artefacts; the third page is a mix of both. All pages contain unrelated media to simulate a real social media experience. When audiences visit the website, they are randomly assigned to one of these pages.

The media could be text, image, gif, or video (either the video or a Youtube link). We would like to be able to display all of these media. The structure of a post should be analogous to that of Twitter/X. Users should be able to like/comment/repost. We will provide the media for you, stored in a folder called media. You can tell us what the most optimal way to store the data is for the website to operate most easily. I will also provide you with a Gemini key so that you can generate comments based on the content of the post.

There should be an internal 3 minute timer on the website since that's the time we can allot to each audience. At the end of the 3 minutes, we ask the audiences a question about whether the artefacts should be returned or not. The question would be: Do you think items at the British Museum obtained during the colonial period should be returned to their original countries? The possible answers would be: 'yes', 'no', and 'maybe'. Store the results in the backend. We will need that later.